How's it going?
Now that land has been so appreciated.
Can I become my bottle manager now?
Young master, what about me, do you want to default?
Young master, I dare not.
I'm just curious.
How do you know the government's going to develop that land?
Of course I have memories of a past life.
It's just that I can tell you.
The fairy's milk bottle told me last night.
The dream fairy milk bottle
Say that.
I must have heard the information from somewhere.
Hey, hey, hey.
Boss, what are you doing?
Of course, it is the responsibility of the travel milk bottle manager.
Master, this is the office.
Why is there no one in the office?
In addition, I only drink milk powder.
Even if I'm drunk, I have to drink powdered milk.
Yeah, you've never heard of it?
Alcohol is not drunk self-drunk
Yes.
General Director of Qin Li family, Ms. Li Shi Shi, please meet
What is this woman looking for me for?